princess: This stunning Princess shoots flaming arrows from long range. If you're feeling warm feelings
    towards her, it's probably because you're on fire.

skeletons: Three fast, very weak melee fighters. Surround your enemies 
    with this pile of bones!

hog rider: Fast melee troop that targets buildings and can jump over river. He followed
    the echoing call of "Hog Riderrrrr" all the way through the Arena doors.

cannon: Defensive building. Shoots cannonballs with deadly effect, but
    cannot target flying troops.

arrows: Arrows pepper a large area, damaging all enemies hit. Reduced damage
    to Crown Towers

miner: The Miner can burrow his way underground and appear anywhere in the Arena. It's
    not magic, it's a shovel. A shovel that deals reduced damage to the Crown Towers.

megaknight: He lands with the force of 1,000 mustaches, then jumps from one foe to 
    the next dealing huge area damage. Stand aside!

pekka: A heavily armoured, slow melee fighter. Swings from the hip, but packs a 
    huge punch.

dart goblin: Runs fast, shoots far, and chews gum. How does he blow darts with a 
    mouthful of Double Trouble Gum? Years of dideridoo lessons.

earthquake: Deals damage per second to Troops and Crown Towers. Deals huge Building
    damage! Does not affect flying units. (It is an EARTHquake, after all)

musketeer: Don't be fooled by her delicately coiffed hair, the Musketeer is a mean shot
    with her trusty boomstick.

mini pekka: The Arena is a certified butterfly-free zone. No distractions for P.E.K.K.A,
    only destruction.

fireball: Annnnnd... Fireball. Incinerates a small area, dealing high damage. Reduced damage
    to Crown Towers

elite barbs: Spawns a paid of leveled up Barbarians. They're like regular Barbarians, only
    harder, better, faster, and stronger.

log: A spilt bottle of Rage turned an innocent tree trunk into "The Log". Now, it seeks revenge by
    crushing anything in its path. Reduced damage to Crown Towers.

electro wizard: He lands with a "POW!", stuns nearby enemies and shoots lightning with
    both hands! What a show off.

dark prince: The Dark Prince deals area damage and lets his spiked club do the talking for him -
    because when he does talk, it sounds like he has a bucket on his head.

ice golem: He's tough, targets, buildings, and explodes when destroyed, slowing nearby enemies.
    Made entirely out of ice...or is he?! Yes.

wizard: The most awesome man to ever set foot in the Arena, the Wizard will blow you away
    with his handsomeness... and/or fireballs

flying machine: The Master Builder has sent his first contraption to the Arena! It's a fast
    and fun flying machine, but fragile.

mortar: Defensive building with a long range. Shoots big boulders that deal area damage, but 
    cannot hit targets that get too close!

ice spirit: Spawns one lively little Ice Spirit to freeze a group of enemies. Stay frosty.

fire spirit: The Fire Spirit is on a kamikaze mission to give you a warm hug. It'd be
    adorable if it wasn't on fire

electro spirit: Jumps on enemies, dealing Area Damage and stunning up to 9 enemy Troops.
    Locked in an eternal battle with knight for the best mustache.

heal spirit: A mischievous Spirit that leaps at enemies, dealing damage and leaving behind a
    powerful healing effect that restores Hitpoints to friendly Troops!
                                
                               (R.I.P. Heal
                                2017-2020
                            Alas, we hardly used ye.)

mirror: Mirrors your last card played for +1 Elixir. Does not appear in your starting hands

goblins: Three fast, unarmoured melee attackers. Small, fast, green, and mean!

bomber: Small, lightly protected skeleton who throws bombs. Deals area damage that can wipe out
    swarms of enemies.

spear goblins: Three unarmoured rnaged attackers. Who the heck taught these guys to throw spears!?
    Who thought that was a good idea?!

bats: Spawns a handful of tiny flying creatures. Think of them as sweet, purple...balls of 
    DESTRUCTION!

wall breakers: A daring duo of dangerous dive bombers. Nothing warms a Wall Breaker's cold 
    and undead heart like blowing up buildings.

rage: Increases troop movement and attack speed. Buildings attack quicker and summon troops 
    quicker, too. Chaaaarge!

zap: Zap enemies, briefly stunning them and dealing damage inside a small radius. Reduced damage
    Crown Towers.

barb barrel: It rolls over and damages anything in its path, then breaks open and out pops a 
    Barbarian! How did he get inside?!

giant snowball: It's HUGE! Once it began rolling down Frozen Peak, there was no stopping it. 
    Enemies hit are knocked back and slowed down temporarily. Reduced damages to Crown Towers

knight: A tough melee fighter. The Barbarian's handsome, cultured cousin. Rumor has it that he
    was knighted based on the sheer awesomeness of his mustache alone.

archers: A pair of lightly armoured ranged attackers. They'll help you take down ground and
    air units, but you're on your own with hair coloring advice.

minions: Three fast, unarmoured fying attackers. Roses are red, minions are blue, they can
    fly, and will crush you!

skarmy: Spawns an army of skeletons. Meet Larry and his friends Harry, Gerry, Terry,
    Mary, etc.

ice wizard: This chill caster throws ice shards that slow down enemies' movement and attack
    speed. Despite being freezing cold, he has a handlebar mustache that's too hot for TV.

guards: Three ruthless bone brothers with shields. Knock off their shields and all that's left 
    are three ruthless bone brothers.

mega minion: Flying, armoured, and powerful. What could be its weakness?! CUPCAKES?

goblin gang: Spawns five Goblins - three with knives, two with a spear - at a discounted 
    Elixir cost. It's like a Goblin Value Pack!

bandit: The Bandit dashes to her target and delivers an extra big hit! While dashing, she
    can't be touched. The mask keeps her identity safe and givers her bonus cool points!

royal ghost: He drifts invisibly through the Arena until he's startled by an enemy...then
    he attacks! Then he's invisible again! Zzzz.

skelly barrel: It's a Skeleton party in the sky, until all the balloons pop...then it's
    a Skeleton party on the ground!

three musketeers: Trio of powerful, independent markswomen, fighting for justice and honor.
    Disrespecting them would not be just a mistake, it would be a cardinal sin!

golem: Slow but durable, only attacks buildings. When destroyed, explosively splits into 
    two Golemites and deals area damage!

barb hut: Building that periodically spawns Barbarians to fight the enemy. Time to
    make the Barbarians!

electro giant: He channels electricity through his Zap Pack, a unique device that stuns
    and damages any Troop attacking him within its range. Oh, and don't tell him his finger
    guns aren't real! He will zap you!

royal recruits: Deploys a line of recruits armed with spears, shields, and wooden buckets.  
    They dream of ponies and one day wearing metal buckets.

lava hound: The Lava Hound is a majestic flying beast that attacks buildings. The Lava Pups 
    are less magestic angry babies that attack anything.

lightning: Bolts of lightning damage and stun up to three enemy troops and/or buildings with 
    most hitpoints in target area. Reduced damages to Crown Towers.

rocket: Deals high dmaage to a small area. Looks really awesome doing it. Reduced damage 
    to Crown Towers.

xbow: Nice tower you got over there. Would be a shame if this X-bow whittled it down...
    From this side of the Arena!

elixir collector: You gotta spend Elixir to make Elixir! This building makes 8 Elixir  
    over its Lifetime. Does not appear in starting hand.

goblin giant: This jolly green Goblin Giant stomps towards enemy buildings. He carries two
    Spear Goblins everywhere he goes. It's a weird but functional arrangement.

sparky: Sparky slowly charges up, then unloads MASSIVE area damage. So yeah, overkill
    isn't in her vocabulary.

royal giant: Destroying enemy buildings with his massive cannons is his job; making a raggedy
    blonde beard look good in his passion.

giant: Slow but durable, only attacks buildings. A real one-man crew!

giant skeleton: The bigger the skeleton, the bigger the bomb. Carries a bomb that blows up
    when the Giant Skeleton dies.

graveyard: Suprise! It's a party. A skeleton party, anywhere in the Arena. Yay!

inferno tower: Defensive building, roasts targets for damage that increases over time.
    Burns through even the biggest and toughest enemies!

goblin hut: Building that spawns Spear Goblins. Don't go inside... You don't want
    to see how they're made.


archer queen: She is fast, deadly, and hard to catch. Beware of her crossbow and try 
    not to blink - you might miss her!

electro drag: Spits out bolts of electricity hitting up to three targers. Suffers from middle
    child syndrome to boot.

royale hogs: The King's personal pets are loose! They love to chomp on apples and Towers    
    alike- who let the hogs out ?!

cannon cart: A Cannon on wheels?! Bet they won't see that coming! Once you break its shield,
    it becomes a Cannon not on wheels.

rascals: Spawns a mischievous trio of Rascals! The boy takes the lead, while the girls pelt
    enemies from behind... with slingshots full of Double Trouble Gum!

ram rider: Together they charge through the Arena; snaring enemies, knocking down towers
    ...and chewing grass?

executioner: He throws nis axe like a boomerang striking all enemies on the way out AND back.
    It's a miracle he doesn't lose an arm.

bowler: This big blue dude digs the simple things in life - Dark Elixir drinks and throwing
    rocks. His massive boulders roll through their target, hitting everyting behind for a strike!

minion horde: Six fast, unarmoured flying attackers. Three's a crowd but 6 is a horde!

prince: Don't let the little pony fool you. Once the Prince gets a running start, you WILL 
    be trampled. Deals double damage once he gets charging.

barbarians: A horde of melee attackers with mean mustaches and even meaner tempers.

witch: Summons skeletons, shoots destructo beams, has glowing pink eyes that unfortunately
    don't shoot lasers.

balloon: As pretty as they are, you won't want a parade of THESE balloons showing up on the 
    horizon. Drops powerful bombs and when shot down, crashes dealing area damage.

poison: Covers the area in a deadly toxin, damaging enemy troops and buildings over time. Yet
    somehow still leaves the grass green and healthy. Go figure! Reduced damage to Crown Towers.

freeze: Freezes and damages enemy troops and buildings making them unable to move or attack.
    Everybody chill. Reduced damage to Crown Towers.

goblin drill: Building capable of burrowing underground and appearing anywhere in the Arena.
    Spawns Goblins one at a time until destroyed. Then spawns a few more, to make sure everything
    nearby has been properly stabbed.

goblin cage: When the Goblin Cage is destroyed, a Goblin Brawler is unleashed into the Arena! 
    Goblin Brawler always skips leg day.

furnace: The Furnace spawns one Fire spirit at a time. It also makes great brick-oven pancakes.

tesla: Defensive building. Whenever it's not zapping the enemy, the power of Electrickery
    is best kept underground.

bomb tower: Defensive building that houses a Bomber. Deals area damage to anything dumb enough to  
    stand near it.

mother witch: Places a curse on enemy troops with each attack. When a cursed Troop is destroyed,
    it tunrs into a building-targeting Hog that fights alongside the Mother Witch!

skelly drags: This pair of skeletal scorchers deal area damage and fly above the Arena. They also 
    play a mean rib cage xylophone duet.

golden knight: A warrior with luxurious hair and oustanding flexibility. Demonstrates his aerobics skills  
    on demand.

skelly king: The King of the undead himself. He sometimes feels lonely (could be die to his nonflattering
    features) and will summon friends to join him in the battle even after death. Tough guys have 
    feelings too!

battle healer: With each attack, she unleashes a powerful healing aura that restores Hitpoints to herself
    and friendly Troops. When she isn't attacking, she passively heals herself!

mighty miner: Walk softly... and carry a big drill! This Champion delas increasing damage to his target 
    and can switch lanes to escape combat or change attack plans. This makes him not only the mightiest,    
    but also the sneakiest Miner in the Arena.

magic archer: Not quite a Wizard, nor an Archer - he shoots a magic arrow that passes through and damages 
    all enemies in its path. It's not a trick, it's magic!

zappies: Spawns a pack of miniature Zap machines. Who controls them? Only the Master Builder knows.

night witch: Summons bats to do her bidding! If you get too close, she's not afraid of pitching in with
    her mean-looking battle staff

hunter: He deals BIG damage up close - not so much at range. What he lacks in accuracy, he makes up for 
    with his impressively bushy eyebrows.

inferno drag: Shoots a focused beam of fire that increases in damage over time. Wears a helmet because
    flying can be dangerous.

battle ram: Two Barbarians holding a big log charge at the nearest building, dealing significant damage
    if they connect; then they go to town with their swords.

lumberjack: He chops trees by day and hunts The Log by night. His bottle of Rage spills everywhere when 
    he's defeated.

fisherman: His ranged attack can pull enemies towards him and he can pull himself to enemy buildings. 
    He's also mastered the ancient art of Fish Slapping.

fire cracker: Shoots a firework that explodes upon impact, damaging the target and showering anything
    directly behind it with sparks. This is what happens when Archers get bored!

elixir golem: Splits into two Elixir Golemites when destroyed, which splits into two Sentient Blobs
    when defeated. Each part of the Elixir Golem gives your opponent some Elixir when destroyed!

valkrie: Tough melee fighter, deals area damage around her. Swarms or horde, no problem! She can take them all out with a few spins.

clone: Duplicates all friendly troops in the target area. Cloned troops are fragile but pack the same punch as the original! Doesn't affect buildings.

goblin barrel: Spawns three goblins anywhere in the Arena. It's going to be a thrilling ride, boys!

tornado: Drags enemy troops to its center while dealing damage over time, just like a magnet. A big, swirling, Tornado-y magnet.

